Issued: February 2026
AN: 03856/2024
Page 1 of 6
SUMMARY OF PRODUCT CHARACTERISTICS
1. NAME OF THE VETERINARY MEDICINAL PRODUCT
Numelvi 7.2 mg tablets for dogs
2. QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE COMPOSITION
Each tablet contains:
Active substance:
Atinvicitinib 7.2 mg
Excipients:
Qualitative composition of excipients and other 
constituents
Cellulose, microcrystalline
Lactose monohydrate 
Sodium starch glycolate (type A)
Tocofersolan 
Hydroxypropylcellulose 
Silica, colloidal anhydrous
Magnesium stearate
White to off-white, oblong shaped tablets with one score-line on each side and 
marked with "M" on each half of the top side. 
The tablets can be divided into two equal halves.
3. CLINICAL INFORMATION
3.1 Target species
Dogs.
3.2 Indications for use for each target species
For the treatment of pruritus associated with allergic dermatitis in dogs.
For the treatment of the clinical manifestations associated with atopic dermatitis in 
dogs, including pruritus.
3.3 Contraindications
Do not use in cases of hypersensitivity to the active substance or to any of the 
excipients.
3.4 Special warnings
None.

Issued: February 2026
AN: 03856/2024
Page 2 of 6
3.5 Special precautions for use
Special precautions for safe use in the target species:
Safety of this veterinary medicinal product has not been investigated in dogs younger 
than 6 months of age.  Use of the veterinary medicinal product in younger animals 
should be based on a benefit-risk assessment by the responsible veterinarian.
Complicating factors such as bacterial, fungal or parasitic infections (e.g., fleas, 
Demodex mites), in addition to any underlying causes of allergic and atopic 
dermatitis (e.g., flea allergy, contact allergy, food allergy) should be investigated and 
treated. 
Use of the veterinary medicinal product has not been evaluated in combination with 
systemic immunosuppressive agents such as glucocorticoids, cyclosporine or other 
immunosuppressive agents. Furthermore, the safety of the veterinary medicinal 
product has not been investigated in dogs with evidence of immunosuppression (for 
example, uncontrolled primary hypothyroidism, rickettsial disease) or dogs with 
evidence of progressive malignant neoplasia. Use in such cases should be based on 
a benefit-risk assessment by the responsible veterinarian. 
Special precautions to be taken by the person administering the veterinary medicinal 
product to animals:
Wash hands thoroughly with soap and water immediately after use of the veterinary 
medicinal product.
Special precautions for the protection of the environment:
Not applicable.
3.6 Adverse events
Dogs:
Common
(1 to 10 animals / 100 animals 
treated):
Emesis, diarrhoea.
Lethargy, anorexia.
Reporting adverse events is important. It allows continuous safety monitoring of a 
veterinary medicinal product. Reports should be sent, preferably via a veterinarian, to 
either the marketing authorisation holder or the national competent authority via the 
national reporting system. See the package leaflet for respective contact details.
3.7 Use during pregnancy, lactation or lay
The safety of the veterinary medicinal product has not been established during 
pregnancy and lactation or in breeding dogs. 
Pregnancy and lactation:
The use of the veterinary medicinal product during pregnancy and lactation is not 
recommended. Laboratory studies in rats and rabbits have shown effects on prenatal 
development inherent to the class of JAK inhibitors.

Issued: February 2026
AN: 03856/2024
Page 3 of 6
Fertility:
The use of the veterinary medicinal product is not recommended in breeding animals.
Laboratory studies in male rats showed an effect on sperm counts and sperm 
motility.
3.8 Interaction with other medicinal products and other forms of interaction
No drug interactions were observed in field studies where the veterinary medicinal 
product was administered concomitantly with other veterinary medicinal products 
such as antimicrobials (including topical preparations), ecto- and endoparasiticides 
(isoxazolines, milbemycins, avermectins, pyrethrins and pyrethroids), nutritional 
supplements, topical skin and ear cleansers that did not contain glucocorticoids, and 
medicated shampoos. 
The user is also referred to section 3.5 of the SPC (special precautions for safe use 
in the target species) for additional guidance. 
In a controlled laboratory study, a similar serological response to vaccination with 
modified live canine adenovirus type-2 (CAV), canine distemper virus (CDV), canine 
parvovirus (CPV) and inactivated rabies virus (RV) was observed when 6-month-old 
vaccine naïve puppies were administered the veterinary medicinal product at 3.6 
mg/kg atinvicitinib (3 times the maximum labelled dose) once daily for 84 days, 
compared to dogs receiving the vaccines alone. The veterinary medicinal product 
was well-tolerated with no adverse clinical effects related to treatment when used 
concomitantly with vaccination.
3.9 Administration routes and dosage
Oral use.
The veterinary medicinal product should be administered once daily at the 
recommended dose of 0.8 to 1.2 mg atinvicitinib/kg bodyweight at or around the time 
of feeding, in accordance with the following dosing table.  Doses in the table, 
achieved within each weight band, correspond to the recommended dose of 
atinvicitinib in milligrams per kilogram bodyweight: 
Strength and number of tablets to be 
administered
Bodyweight 
of dog (kg)
Numelvi 
4.8 mg
Numelvi 
7.2 mg
Numelvi 
21.6 mg
Numelvi 
31.6 mg
3.0 - 4.3 ½
4.4 - 6.0 1
6.1 - 9.0 1
9.1 - 13.5 ½
13.6 - 19.3 ½
19.4 - 26.5 1
26.6 - 39.5 1
39.6 - 54.0 1 ½
54.1 - 79.0 2
The tablets are breakable along the score line.

Issued: February 2026
AN: 03856/2024
Page 4 of 6
Dogs outside the listed weight bands, for example dogs above 79 kg bodyweight, can 
be dosed with a combination of full and/or half tablets of the appropriate tablet 
strengths to achieve a target dose of 0.8 to 1.2 mg atinvicitinib/kg bodyweight (see 
SPC section 3.5).  However, the available tablet strengths do not allow for accurate 
dosing of dogs weighing less than 2 kg bodyweight.
The intensity and duration of pruritus associated with allergic dermatitis and the 
clinical manifestations of atopic dermatitis are variable. The need for long-term 
treatment of dogs receiving the veterinary medicinal product should be based on an 
individual benefit-risk assessment.
3.10 Symptoms of overdose (and where applicable, emergency procedures and 
antidotes)
For atinvicitinib, a high selectivity of JAK1 was shown, reducing the potential for 
adverse effects mediated via the inhibition of other JAK family enzymes.
The veterinary medicinal product was well tolerated when administered orally to 
healthy 6-month-old puppies treated with overdoses of up to 5 times the maximum 
recommended dose once daily over a period of 6 months. However, the 
administration of significant overdoses of the veterinary medicinal product may lead 
to a higher susceptibility to infection; for example, the development of bacterial, 
fungal and/or parasitic skin disease in treated dogs. In case of adverse clinical effects 
following an overdose, the dog should be treated symptomatically.
3.11 Special restrictions for use and special conditions for use, including 
restrictions on the use of antimicrobial and antiparasitic veterinary 
medicinal products in order to limit the risk of development of resistance
Not applicable.
3.12 Withdrawal periods
Not applicable.
4. PHARMACOLOGICAL INFORMATION
4.1 ATCvet code: QD11AH93
4.2 Pharmacodynamics
Atinvicitinib is a selective Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitor, highly selective for JAK1. It 
inhibits the function of a variety of cytokines involved in pruritus and inflammation, as 
well as cytokines involved in allergy, that are dependent on JAK1 enzyme activity. 
Inhibition of JAK1 enzyme activity leads to a reduction of inflammation-associated 
white blood cell counts (mean absolute counts were within the reference range in 
field trials). Atinvicitinib did not lead to immunosuppressive effects at the target dose.
Atinvicitinib is at least 10 times more selective for JAK1 compared to the other JAK-
family members (JAK2, JAK3, tyrosine kinase (TYK) 2). Thus, it has very little to no 
effect on cytokines involved in haematopoiesis or host defence that are dependent 
on JAK2 or the other JAK family members.

Issued: February 2026
AN: 03856/2024
Page 5 of 6
4.3 Pharmacokinetics
Following oral administration, atinvicitinib was rapidly and well absorbed with an 
observed mean Cmax of 190 ng/ml, which occurred at approximately 1 hour (tmax) post 
dosing. The absolute bioavailability of atinvicitinib after administration once daily for 
four days was approximately 65%. Bioavailability was higher in fed dogs. 
Total atinvicitinib clearance from plasma was 1074 ml/h/kg bodyweight 
(17.9 ml/min/kg bodyweight), and the apparent volume of distribution at steady state 
was 1.65 L/kg bodyweight. Following oral administration, the terminal half-life (t1/2) 
was 2 hours.
In a six-month study conducted in dogs (see section 3.10), mild accumulation that 
was not considered clinically relevant was observed in some individuals; steady state 
was reached after 7 weeks. 
Atinvicitinib has moderate protein binding with 82.3% bound in fortified canine 
plasma at concentrations of 1802 ng/ml (5 µM). 
Atinvicitinib is metabolised in the dog to multiple metabolites and, although the extent 
of any hepatic metabolism has not been definitively determined, its main clearance 
route is metabolism with excretion in the faeces. Renal elimination, with excretion in 
the urine, is considered a minor route.
Dogs with hepatic impairment were not excluded from the clinical field trials 
conducted with this veterinary medicinal product. However, it was not specifically 
tested in patients with confirmed hepatic impairment and any impact of hepatic 
impairment on the pharmacokinetics of atinvicitinib remains uncertain.
5. PHARMACEUTICAL PARTICULARS
5.1 Major incompatibilities
Not applicable.
5.2 Shelf life
Shelf life of the veterinary medicinal product as packaged for sale: 3 years.
5.3 Special precautions for storage
This veterinary medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions.
Any remaining half tablet should be placed back into the opened blister or into the 
bottle.
5.4 Nature and composition of immediate packaging
Aluminium/PVC/polychlorotrifluoroethylene blisters containing 30 tablets per strip. 
Cardboard box with 1 or 3 blister strips equivalent to 30 or 90 tablets.
Cardboard box with HDPE bottle containing 30 or 90 tablets.
Not all pack sizes may be marketed.

Issued: February 2026
AN: 03856/2024
Page 6 of 6
5.5 Special precautions for the disposal of unused veterinary medicinal 
products or waste materials derived from the use of such products
Medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater.
Use take-back schemes for the disposal of any unused veterinary medicinal product 
or waste materials derived thereof in accordance with local requirements and with 
any national collection systems applicable to the veterinary medicinal product 
concerned.
6. NAME OF THE MARKETING AUTHORISATION HOLDER
MSD Animal Health UK Limited 
7. MARKETING AUTHORISATION NUMBER
Vm 01708/5135
8. DATE OF FIRST AUTHORISATION
20 January 2026
9. DATE OF THE LAST REVISION OF THE SUMMARY OF THE PRODUCT 
CHARACTERISTICS
January 2026
10. CLASSIFICATION OF VETERINARY MEDICINAL PRODUCT 
Veterinary medicinal product subject to prescription. 
Find more product information by searching for the ‘Product Information Database’ 
on www.gov.uk.
Approved: 23 February 2026
