Revised: May 2026
AN: 00029/2026
Page 1 of 7
SUMMARY OF PRODUCT CHARACTERISTICS
1. NAME OF THE VETERINARY MEDICINAL PRODUCT
Apoquel 16 mg chewable tablets for dogs
2. QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE COMPOSITION
Each chewable tablet contains:
Active substance:
16 mg oclacitinib (as oclacitinib maleate).
For the full list of excipients, see section 6.1.
3. PHARMACEUTICAL FORM
Chewable tablets.
Light to dark brown pentagon shaped mottled chewable tablets with score lines on both 
sides. The tablets are debossed with the corresponding strength (“L L” for 16 mg).
The tablets can be divided into equal halves.
4. CLINICAL PARTICULARS
4.1 Target species
Dogs.
4.2 Indications for use, specifying the target species
Treatment of pruritus associated with allergic dermatitis in dogs.
Treatment of clinical manifestations of atopic dermatitis in dogs.
4.3 Contraindications
Do not use in cases of hypersensitivity to the active substance or to any of the
excipients.
Do not use in dogs less than 12 months of age or less than 3 kg bodyweight.
Do not use in dogs with evidence of immune suppression, such as hyperadrenocorticism, 
or with evidence of progressive malignant neoplasia as the active substance has not 
been evaluated in these cases.
4.4 Special warnings for each target species
None.

Revised: May 2026
AN: 00029/2026
Page 2 of 7
4.5 Special precautions for use
i) Special precautions for use in animals
Oclacitinib modulates the immune system and may increase susceptibility to infection 
and exacerbate neoplastic conditions. Dogs receiving the veterinary medicinal product 
should therefore be monitored for the development of infections and neoplasia.
When treating pruritus associated with allergic dermatitis with oclacitinib, investigate and 
treat any underlying causes (e.g. flea allergic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, food 
hypersensitivity). Furthermore, in cases of allergic dermatitis and atopic dermatitis, it is 
recommended to investigate and treat complicating factors, such as bacterial, fungal or 
parasitic infections/infestations (e.g. flea and mange).
Given the potential for effects on certain clinicopathological parameters (see section 4.6 
“Adverse reactions”), periodic monitoring with complete blood counts and serum 
biochemistry is recommended when dogs are on long-term treatment.
The tablets are flavoured. In order to avoid accidental ingestion, store tablets in a safe 
place out of reach of animals.
ii) Special precautions to be taken by the person administering the veterinary 
         medicinal product to animals
Wash hands after administration.
In case of accidental ingestion, seek medical advice immediately and show the package 
leaflet or the label to the physician.
Ingestion of this product may be harmful for children. To avoid accidental ingestion, 
administer the tablet(s) to the dog immediately after removal from the blister packaging.
iii) Other precautions
Not applicable.
4.6 Adverse reactions (frequency and seriousness)
Dogs:
Very common
(>1 animal / 10 animals treated):
pyoderma, skin lump, papilloma
Common
(1 to 10 animals / 100 animals treated):
lethargy, lipoma, polydipsia, increased 
appetite
nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia
histiocytoma, fungal skin infection, 
pododermatitis
otitis 
lymphadenopathy
cystitis
aggression

Revised: May 2026
AN: 00029/2026
Page 3 of 7
Very rare
(<1 animal / 10,000 animals treated, 
including isolated reports):
anaemia, lymphoma, convulsion
Treatment-related clinical pathology changes were restricted to an increase in mean 
serum cholesterol and a decrease in mean leukocyte count, however, all mean values 
remained within the laboratory reference range. The decrease in mean leukocyte count 
observed in oclacitinib-treated dogs was not progressive, and affected all white blood cell 
counts (neutrophil, eosinophil and monocyte counts) except lymphocyte counts. Neither 
of these clinical pathology changes appeared clinically significant.
Regarding susceptibility to infection and neoplastic conditions, see section 4.5 “Special 
precautions for use”.
Reporting adverse events is important. It allows continuous safety monitoring of a 
veterinary medicinal product. Reports should be sent, preferably via a veterinarian, to 
either the marketing authorisation holder or the national competent authority via the 
national reporting system. See the package leaflet for respective contact details.
4.7 Use during pregnancy, lactation or lay
The safety of the veterinary medicinal product has not been established during 
pregnancy and lactation, or in breeding male dogs, therefore its use is not recommended 
during pregnancy, lactation or in dogs intended for breeding.
4.8 Interaction with other medicinal products and other forms of interaction
No drug interactions were observed in field studies where oclacitinib was
administered concomitantly with veterinary medicinal products such as endo- and 
ectoparasiticides, antimicrobials and anti-inflammatories.
The impact of oclacitinib administration on vaccination with modified live vaccines, canine 
parvovirus (CPV), canine distemper virus (CDV) and canine parainfluenza (CPI) and 
inactivated rabies vaccine (RV), on 16 week old vaccine naive puppies has been studied. 
An adequate immune response (serology) to CDV and CPV vaccination was achieved 
when puppies were administered oclacitinib at 1.8 mg/kg bodyweight (bw) twice daily for 
84 days. However, the findings of this study indicated a reduction in serological response 
to vaccination with CPI and RV in puppies being treated with oclacitinib compared to 
untreated controls. The clinical relevance of these observed effects for animals 
vaccinated while being administered oclacitinib (in accordance with the recommended 
dosing regimen) is unclear.
4.9 Amount(s) to be administered and administration route
For oral use.
The recommended initial dose is 0.4 to 0.6 mg oclacitinib/kg bodyweight, administered 
orally, twice daily for up to 14 days.

Revised: May 2026
AN: 00029/2026
Page 4 of 7
For maintenance therapy, the same dose (0.4 to 0.6 mg oclacitinib/kg bodyweight) 
should then be administered only once a day. The requirement for long-term 
maintenance therapy should be based on an individual benefit-risk assessment.
Apoquel tablets are chewable, palatable and readily consumed by the majority of dogs.
These tablets can be administered with or without food.
The dosing table below shows the number of tablets required. The tablets are breakable 
along the score line.
Bodyweight
(kg) of dog
Strength and number of tablets to be administered:
Apoquel 3.6 mg
tablets
Apoquel 5.4 mg
tablets
Apoquel 16 mg
tablets
3.0–4.4 ½
4.5–5.9 ½
6.0–8.9 1
9.0–13.4 1
13.5–19.9 ½
20.0–22.7* ½ ½
22.8–26.7* ½ ½
26.8-39.8 1
40.0–54.9 1½
55.0–80.0 2
*Alternatively, two 5.4 mg tablets can be administered. 
4.10 Overdose (symptoms, emergency procedures, antidotes), if necessary
Oclacitinib tablets were administered to healthy, one year old Beagle dogs twice daily for 
6 weeks, followed by once per day for 20 weeks, at 0.6 mg/kg bw, 1.8 mg/kg bw and 3.0 
mg/kg bw for a total of 26 weeks.
Clinical observations that were considered likely to be related to oclacitinib treatment 
included: alopecia (local), papilloma, dermatitis, erythema, abrasions and 
scabbing/crusts, interdigital “cysts”, and oedema of the feet.
Dermatitis lesions were mostly secondary to the development of interdigital furunculosis 
on one or more feet during the study, with the number and frequency of observations 
increasing with increasing dose. Lymphadenopathy of peripheral nodes was noted in all 
groups, increasing in frequency with increasing dose, and was frequently associated with 
interdigital furunculosis.
Papilloma was considered treatment related, but not dose related.
There is no specific antidote and in case of signs of overdose the dog should be treated 
symptomatically.
4.11 Withdrawal period(s)
Not applicable.

Revised: May 2026
AN: 00029/2026
Page 5 of 7
5. PHARMACOLOGICAL PROPERTIES
Pharmacotherapeutic group: Agents for dermatitis, excluding corticosteroids.
ATC Vet Code: QD11AH90.
5.1 Pharmacodynamic properties
Oclacitinib is a Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitor. It can inhibit the function of a variety of 
cytokines dependent on JAK enzyme activity. For oclacitinib, the target cytokines are 
those that are proinflammatory or have a role in allergic responses/pruritis. However, 
oclacitinib may also exert effects on other cytokines (for example, those involved in host 
defence or haematopoiesis) with the potential for unwanted effects.
5.2 Pharmacokinetic particulars
Following oral administration in dogs at a dose ranging from 0.55 to 0.9 mg oclacitinib/kg 
bodyweight, the observed mean Cmax was 352 ng/ml (ranging from 207 to 860 ng/ml), 
which occurred at approximately 1.7 hours (tmax) post dosing. The half-life (t1/2) is 4.8 
hours in plasma.
Total body oclacitinib clearance from plasma was low – 316 ml/h/kg bodyweight 
(5.3 ml/min/kg bodyweight), and the apparent volume of distribution at steady-state was 
942 ml/kg bodyweight. Oclacitinib exhibits low protein binding with 66.3% to 69.7% 
bound in fortified canine plasma at nominal concentrations ranging from 10 to 
1,000 ng/ml.
Oclacitinib is metabolised in the dog to multiple metabolites. One major oxidative 
metabolite was identified in plasma and urine.
Overall, the major clearance route is metabolism, with minor contributions from renal and 
biliary elimination. Inhibition of canine cytochrome P450s is minimal, with IC50s 60-fold 
greater than the observed mean Cmax (281 ng/ml or 0.833 μM) following 0.6 mg/kg bw 
oral administration in the target animal safety study. Therefore, the risk of metabolic drug-
drug interactions due to oclacitinib inhibition is very low.
6. PHARMACEUTICAL PARTICULARS
6.1 List of excipients
Pork liver powder
Crospovidone (type A)
Sodium starch glycolate (type A)
Glycerol monostearate 40-55 (type II)
Macrogol 3350
Glycerol
Sodium chloride
Xanthan gum
Brewer’s yeast dried
Silica colloidal anhydrous

Revised: May 2026
AN: 00029/2026
Page 6 of 7
Magnesium stearate
6.2 Major Incompatibilities
Not applicable.
6.3 Shelf life
Shelf life of the veterinary medicinal product as packaged for sale in blisters: 3 years.
6.4 Special precautions for storage
Store in the original package in order to protect from moisture.
Remaining tablet parts should be stored in the blister and be given at the next 
administration.
6.5 Nature and composition of immediate packaging
Aluminium/PVC/Aclar blisters (each strip containing 10 chewable tablets) packed into an 
outer cardboard box. Pack sizes of 20, 50 or 100 tablets.
Not all pack sizes may be marketed.
6.6 Special precautions for the disposal of unused veterinary medicinal product or 
waste materials derived from the use of such products
Medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste.
Any unused veterinary medicinal product or waste materials derived from such veterinary 
medicinal products should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements.
7. MARKETING AUTHORISATION HOLDER
Zoetis UK Limited
1st Floor, Birchwood Building
Springfield Drive
Leatherhead
Surrey
KT22 7LP
United Kingdom
8. MARKETING AUTHORISATION NUMBER
Vm 42058/5002
9. DATE OF FIRST AUTHORISATION
24 November 2021

Revised: May 2026
AN: 00029/2026
Page 7 of 7
10. DATE OF REVISION OF THE TEXT
April 2026
11. CLASSIFICATION OF VETERINARY MEDICINAL PRODUCTS
Veterinary medicinal product subject to prescription.
Approved 13 May 2026
